ah there's a place in your house where
it's cool to chill get some me time or
even cook a meal it's your kitchen mofo
in no time - slap - just grab yourself a
penny and this work that s dizzy scared
of this place
eh no need to bother just lay down your
weapons and pick up another hi guys
how's it going welcome to my virgin
kitchen look it is little baby Chloe she
is one day old have a little wave huh No
Oh Joe boy oh boy oh boy Joe one day old
and believe it or not she's a better
chef than me and she's gonna be teaching
me today how to make a salmon spinach
and potato bake really really simple and
in fact I'm gonna make that Chef in the
world but she's gonna do the spinach
yeah okay so all the ingredients you
need are right about here so hit pause
on the video now and write I'm all down
so Chloe what is the first thing we need
to do okay so I've got a pan of water on
to boil and some potatoes so I guess I'm
just gonna shove them in there right
okay cool I've done that and yeah just
going to bring em back up to boil so it
should take about about 10 to 15 minutes
so what do I do now ah what sauce are I
already made that it's there but um if
you want to show people how to make it
yeah okay so what do I do with my white
sauce now Chloe I need to know you got
to help me out here
okay that's all in there I can't help
but think there's something missing what
do I need to do now going to take a
break from doing that because the potato
is already it's clever go okay so for my
bottom layer on there and then there's
that bit there that's going to go on the
top right yeah okay so now I need to do
the spinach were you happy with that I'm
not very good at it okay so got this
finish right here is that good is that
good she's sleeping on the job okay it's
gonna put a splint in there now close
the door
I knew my friend can help but you ready
let's go for it good times
all right thanks we helped there Chloe
um I guess we put that somewhere now do
we yeah okay I'm done stirring Chloe are
you happy with this can you see that
okay so put out the oven now what do I
do it's looking kind of cool
okay Chloe that is a pretty impressive
Debbie right there I don't know if you
mind me telling everyone what it tastes
like
is that okay with you though other folks
here is the finished dish with the steps
given to you by a person whose only one
day old it smells amazing it looks
amazing
let's see what tastes like it's a real
fishy scent in the kitchen oh yeah
that's good
so smooth so easy such a perfect mimic
meal so on Chloe thank you very much for
the suggestions they're no help give it
as well and she can say I do that ask
you anyone in the world Pam have a go
yourself
lemon any go on I'll see you again next
time Cheers oh hi guys how's it going
welcome to my bed oh oh